It's been a while, Rhantolk.
I'm glad you're all right.
Likewise.
But what happened to your hair, Chtholly?
Uh, well...
And who are you?
Willem Kmetsch,
fairy warehouse caretaker.
Nice to meet you.
You're disfeatured...
Are you also a troll?
Nygglatho's husband?
No!
I'm human.
An emnetwiht?
If that's a joke, it isn't funny.
Never mind me.
There's something I want to ask you.
WorldEnd: What do you do at the end of the
world? Are you busy? Will you save us?
Stop it!
That tickles!
I knew it.
She's showing symptoms of venenum poisoning.
Deal with it, Nopht.
What do you think you're doing?
Relax. It'll be fine.
How is this "fine"?
I can't...
Help, Rhan!
Unhand Nopht immediately! Or else!
I sense dirty thoughts.
Feel better now?
My body feels so light, it's almost creepy.
How unsettling it is to have
your fatigue suddenly disappear.
I told you it'd be fine, didn't I?
What?
You can't trust me so easily, huh?
I mean, you're an emnetwiht.
To accept one of the sinners who
destroyed the world would be messed up.
Everyone who knows has done just that.
So I must be a very lucky man.
I find your relaxed attitude fishy, too.
You must be used to hiding your
evil intent and tricking women.
I'm grateful you helped Chtholly survive
a battle in which she was supposed to die.
But as long as you are an emnetwiht,
there is no guarantee you aren't a danger.
Do you remember how your people spread
the seventeen beasts across the world?
A few days after the beasts appeared,
two islands vanished from the map.
When next week came,
five countries, four islands,
and two oceans were gone.
And the week after that,
the world map had lost all meaning.
Not long after, humanity was wiped out.
How did the beasts increase
so rapidly in number?
I don't know for sure,
but I've heard they were originally
some kind of biological weapon.
Biological weapon?
Then they must have used
some organism as a base, yes?
From what, exactly,
did the humans create the beasts?
Beats me.
If they're biological weapons,
then they were created solely to fight.
Just like us...
No need to know everything about them.
Only that they're archenemies
that make you suffer.
Isn't that right?
I simply wish to learn the truth.
Well, I don't really mind people like you.
Later.
Sorry. She's usually a nice girl.
I get it...
I'm gonna check on things over there.
You stay on the ship.
Huh? But...
Didn't I say not to push yourself?
Just stay put.
Don't worry. I'll keep an eye on him for you.
Keep an eye on me? Why?
You were having dirty thoughts about Rhan.
Forget about that...
Jeez, always treating me like a kid.
Sure, Rhan has a more mature aura...
All right! Last one!
Now, which one is it?
Gotcha!
Oh, come on! Not again!
Ribbit all!
Quit croaking. What are you, a baby?
A tadpole? You ain't got legs there?
Tadpoles don't croak!
Quit spacing out.
S-Sorry.
If it isn't Madam Secretary.
What brings you here?
Wanna join us for a drink?
I can't believe she's just a disfeatured kid.
Kid or not, she's an esteemed secretary.
Indeed.
She helps our honorable technical officer.
In more ways than one.
Would you help us out in
more ways than one, too?
Just ribbing!
You probably don't need to
worry about Nopht and Rhantolk.
They have never been the kind
to seriously hate someone.
Yeah, I get it.
Thanks.
You've always got my back.
I appreciate it, really.
Yep.
I do because you might break otherwise.
Do I really seem that fragile?
But thank you.
Keep looking out for Chtholly, too.
Sure.
Ground Level K96-MAL Ruins
You moron!
What have you done?
I'm a first-grade technical
officer, you know?
The highest-ranking officer here, you know?
I don't care! Who died and made you boss?
I see you're as loud as ever.
Willem!
Do you know this man,
Second-Grade Technical Officer?
Yes.
What's up?
This idiot sent an extra
excavation squad underground.
We have to grab as many relics
as possible before we leave.
Do you realize how crucial this operation is?
Sending too many men underground at once
is considered a bad idea.
That's probably just a myth.
It's real!
As far as I know,
no group of more than seven
has ever returned alive!
That's why we salvagers
tend to work in small groups.
Well, no point complaining now.
They've already left.
All we can do is prepare for the worst.
Is that all right, sir wise
First-Grade Technical Officer?
Very well.
See how bighearted a first-grade
technical officer I am?
Take care of things here.
Thank you, sir.
I didn't expect you to show up, Willem.
And I didn't expect you to be here, Grick.
Wow, another cutie pie.
Met Nopht and Rhantolk yet?
Yeah.
You were right.
These fairies really are nice girls.
I won't walk one down the aisle.
Get away. Your eyes are scary.
Oh, right.
Will the entire haul be
loaded on the Plantaginesta?
Yeah, including everything on the Saxifraga.
Why?
I'm looking for something.
Adviser, we need your help here.
Coming.
See you later.
You too, missy.
All done.
Ribbit?
There.
I'm done, boss.
Thank you.
I told her not to push herself...
My, if it isn't the technical officer.
What brings you down here?
Sure you shouldn't be with
your esteemed secretary?
My esteemed secretary is kinda busy.
Say, where's the dug weapon you found?
No idea.
Our orders were simply to carry it here.
We lost a lot of men in the attack.
How are we supposed to
keep track of everything?
Oh...
So I'm looking for a needle in a haystack?
An earthquake?
Be careful!
We have a big one today.
There have been lots of tremors lately.
Lillia...
Who are you?
What do you want?
I'm Lillia Asplay...
Just a brave who's gonna
kill you to save the world!
Sounds like a pain.
It really is!
Why do you wanna save the world?
For the one... I love.
Goodbye...
And rest in peace!
I'm Chtholly.
All right, I'm still fine.
Here you are.
When was the last time
I had a soup this good?
Seconds please, Madam Secretary!
Coming right up!
Yum! This is seriously great!
The kick of the pepper,
and this rich mouthfeel...
So good!
How, and when, did Chtholly
become such a good cook?
It's the power of love.
Why so mad?
Scared someone's gonna
steal your Chtholly away?
Hey, Casanova Officer.
You'd better make Madam Secretary happy.
She'll make a great wife.
If you make her sad...
Don't make me spell it out for mew.
Screw you!
"A great wife," my foot!
"Make her happy," my ass!
You don't have to tell me. I already...
I already... what?
Don't come crying to me if you trip.
What does this part say?
"Carried the corpse of a god to the city."
The text is blurry after
that, so I cannot read it.
May that god have mercy on their souls.
I love it! Thanks!
You're welcome.
Next!
Wow, you're good.
Well, I am working on a bunch of my skills.
Chtholly, may I ask you something?
What?
Why did you come to the surface?
For that Willem guy?
Is it because he saved your life?
He may usually look relaxed,
but he always walks a tightrope.
He's really awkward,
and he overthinks everything.
So, well, you know...
She just wants to be with him.
Ow!
Hey, Ren!
Damn that jerk!
She's too good for him!
Well, I'm rooting for you two!
Oh? Is that how it is, Chtholly?
Don't you start, too!
Whoa!
Did you sort them all yourself?
Why are you two here?
We figured we could help you
look for that dug weapon.
Huh? What brought that on?
We heard a bunch of stuff about you.
You're taking good care
of the little ones, huh?
Sheesh.
You didn't hear anything weird, right?
Like how you and Chtholly
are close to hooking up,
or how Ithea thinks you like young girls?
Never mind! Forget I asked.
We aren't doing this for you.
It's for Chtholly.
Thanks.
But I'll be fine.
This is my job.
I want to find it myself.
Oh, right. Bring me your swords.
I'll tune them while I'm at it.
What the heck?
What is this?
It wasn't on the list.
There you are.
Oh, Chtholly... What's up?
I'm giving out lunch boxes to those
who can't make it to the mess hall.
This one is for you.
Listen, the secretary
thing is just an excuse.
You don't have to go so far.
If I just sat around, doing nothing,
you really would have brought
along your useless lover.
Who cares?
I care.
Is that so?
Is that Nopht's sword?
I found the other one, too.
The other one?
There.
That's Lapidemsibilus.
I'll have to take a closer look at it
once we get back.
You really found it for me.
Do you still remember that
night when I tuned Seniorious?
Yeah.
And also Nephren, Nopht, Rhantolk, and Ithea.
I remember them.
Though I'm not sure if I remember everything.
I see.
Now that we have the sword,
we won't have to worry.
Yeah.
What's the matter?
There isn't anything wrong with it.
Of course there isn't.
If there were, Nopht would've
been in real trouble by now.
Not that... This sword is the Kinslayer.
And what about it?
It specializes in killing
one's kin, one's own kind.
In other words, it's a sword that can only
be used by humans to kill humans.
But Nopht's fighting beasts with it.
That's why I thought there must be
something wrong with it.
How else could she fight beasts
with a sword that only kills humans?
Willem?
A sword that only kills humans...
Then they must have used
some organism as a base, yes?
From what, exactly,
did the humans create the beasts?
No...
A few days after the beasts appeared,
two islands vanished from the map.
When next week came,
five countries, four islands,
and two oceans were gone.
And the week after that,
the world map had lost all meaning.
Not long after, humanity was wiped out.
How did the beasts increase
so rapidly in number?
It can't be...
No need to know everything about them.
Only that they're archenemies
that make you suffer.
I simply wish to learn the truth.
You mean the ones making
Chtholly and the rest...
The ones making Chtholly suffer are...
That's right.
Humans did destroy the surface.
Willem?
Willem? Seriously, what's the matter?
Talk to me!
Not losing your cool?
For what it's worth,
my heart is about to explode.
But while I don't know what happened,
you're showing me your weak side,
when you usually act so tough.
So when you combine my resulting happiness
with my desire to see you feel better,
they take priority.
You...
Right now, you look like
you might vanish if left alone.
Sure, this is embarrassing,
but I can't push you away.
You're a great gal.
Sorry, I didn't catch that.
Come again?
Never mind.
Hey, don't be a sore loser.
Say it again. Just one more time.
Marry me.
Not tha...
Wha?
You helped me find what I needed.
Something I want to protect.
A home to return to.
A reason to keep living.
You helped me realize that
it's okay for me to live on.
So I promise...
I'll make you happy.
Yeah.
I want to stay by your side, too.
Let's be together forever.
H-Help—
Next Episode
evidence of existence
Next Episode:
evidence of existence.